---
layout: post
title: "forgotton in the playground"
---

dead fish, the fish is dead. the fish is dead, the head of the fish is dead. the head of the fish is not dead. the head is dead, it is alive, it is dead.

The gills swallow, the fins push, the ears perk, no not the ears, no ears. The head has no ears. The gills swallow, the fins push, the body twitches, the whiskers lean, the mouth gapes, the eyes dart. Eyes see all. no, no not all. The sea is dark, the eyes are not good, and needs  glasses. The eyes are not ever seeing. ok, no. Eyes see some. Body wiggles through the water, sees through some, and sees through some more, to find its next meal. body twitches, gills swallow some more, fins try hard to push, meal was not a meal. Body twitches hard, fins push hard, gills swallow water, no no water. Gills swallow human poison. body twitches more, more, more, no. but meal, but no. worm was not good. Hands of god hold fish, fish now watches god. God looks back. Empty and tired. Odd. Fins push harder, body twitches harder, gills swallow harder. Poison fills the lungs, eyes dart - panic. Eyes dart, panic. Panic. Panic. Panic. Panic. Panic. Panic. Panic. Panic. God holds the body down, God stops twitching. God is merciful. Gills try harder, still no water. God takes out something, bright, glittering against the sun in the empty sky. God brings down his hands.

God no, no. I have dreamt of this time, I reckoned my brains for ages questioning my existence. An odd fish out, an empty fish, a bad fish. I was the emptiness that filled the darkest parts of the ocean. I have dimmed through, brought nothing but pain and suffering to those around. Let others pass, let them suffer. I brought danger and disaster, but I continued. While knowing the harm I bring, I was the wrong fish to exist, there were thousands more fishes who deserved this more than I ever could do with it. I walked knowing I was bad, I walked around knowing that God is waiting with special spikes for my selfish existence. I was an error in the system, I was doomed from the start. I knew I should have walked away a long while ago. I knew that my absence would shine the darkest tunnels and save many to come. I knew, and I lie to myself that in the near hereafter I will walk away. That I would do the right thing. But a lie stays a lie and I continued swimming to finally meet what I told myself a thousand times over. The sun is gliding down, to brighten the empty world I have caused. The world is coming back to its order. I knew my leave would be right but why when good finally comes, I fear - like the horrible person I am.
