---
layout: post
title: "oddo"
---

It was the hay bales that did it. The men and women walked past Oddo towards the church, all dressed down in dark and winded clothes. Most barely knew him, many here out of politeness. That is how it is done, Oddo's father would have said. How polite it is to walk up, come up here. Many passed by with a “Hey”, with small shivers of smiles, a feeling of condolence passing them. The priest called upon the peace of the honored life. The many presumed virtues he laid within our small town. The people sat with faces down, nodding with agreement to ideas they barely knew. Many people did not know Oddo’s father, they just saw the farmer up the hill. With his cows, with the grass grown all through the year. The truth is, it did not make sense to Oddo why he even was here. It is coming winter, he would need to be up on the farm, wrecking the frozen lakes. The cows needed caring, the hays needed to be taken, not withered away like the hays in front of the church.
	
“Was a man who fought for what was right, fought for the good of the community. For the cows”, the priest yellowed out with a little laugh. Others followed and smirked, lighting the mood. Seeing it as a small gesture of love, yet no one here was Oddo’s father's friend. Oddo walked out with everyone, staying silent. Hands in pocket, hiding away from eye contact. Trying to avoid any small talk. But all out of good faith, is it not? The guests thought so. No one questions a dead man’s son, is it not but grief forsaking his manners? But Oddo still was not sure why they were here. It is not like Oddo was sad, it is not like Oddo was grieving. He needed to make sure that the new calf took its medicine or the grass tetany would flare up again. 

Oddo was in the car, switching radios, driving out of town towards the farm. The cattle needed to be let out, and calculating all the work he missed due to the procession he realised he would need to work up to midnight to keep up on schedule. Switching the radio stations, he realised he would need to set up his father's will, and his accounts. Trying to make sense of how he would finish mending the new fence against the government regulations by himself on time, he tries to contemplate if he needs to hire a farmhand. No man gives his farm work to others, a man's sweat is his to get, his father angrily would say repeatedly. He never loved extras on his land, especially since the suits took half. Since the suits took the work he needed to do. Approaching the house, Oddo passed through the very land his father fought for long to keep, with its wildering crops and empty rotting land, the work his father wanted, taken by the man behind the desk in an office many miles away. In changing to his truck, and driving towards the farm, hoping out and letting the cows out, in moving the hay, and taking his tools. In driving the large machine to clear the trees for the fence, in administering the drug against any grass tetany Oddo was not grieving. He needed the farm, the town needed the farm. He could not think about the shambles of hays in front of the church. He has no time, he told himself many times over, Oddo thought. 

Yet, before midnight, as he was heading home, he could not but take a detour and clean the hay off the church grounds. Lay them to the sides, and clean them up. Oddo thought about the empty hay bails in the lost farm, the much work his father swore through to work on. On coming back home, plumbing into the kitchen, and eating the day's old frozen sausages, knowing that he had to be up by 5 in just a couple of hours, Oddo sat down. He needed to sleep, and could not waste his time on meaningless work. He sat there for a few minutes, staring at the empty house. He sat staring at the stairs to the second floor. Oddo suddenly realized he had not gone up since his father passed away. He has not been in his bedroom, nor even gone in to clean up his father's stuff. He had crashed in the living room for the past few days. The house was silent, Oddo had not spoken since the funeral. It was peaceful, it was quiet. Oddo sat down. Why would his dad do this, and leave? Willingly left this peace, the peace he fought for so long and hard. Was the night as quiet as this when he walked over to his truck to get the gun, was the wind this cold when he sat down in his room and took his final breath? Why would he leave the peace, the hays he needed to tend, the garden he needed to take care of, and the cows he fought to keep alive? Why would he leave the farm, me.


